Li Xuan
Now we can part ways
Her Royal Highness does not want to be with me, a lost dog
How can you think of me like that?
Is that
Are you afraid that the four major families of Yandu will implicate you?
I am a dignified princess of summer
How can you be afraid of a few litters of wild dogs?
My father is the murderer of your Li family
There is a great hatred between me and you
I really can't face you again
My princess
What are you thinking about?
Although I, Li Xuan, have a bloodline conflict
But I will never hate
Take it out on irrelevant people
You mean I had nothing to do with my father's sins?
Are you really willing to marry me?
Princess pays attention to image
I said you are too impulsive.
Look at you.
Involve the princess in such a catastrophe
Princess, I ask for nothing else
I only hope
Can you figure it out?
Take good care of my poor brother
Although he does things impulsively, he is not very capable
But after all, he is the only survivor of my Li family
I don't want to see the Li family hate
Okay, sister, don't you remember what Li Qingxiao said?
Who is the mastermind behind destroying my Li family?
Isn't this embarrassing Her Majesty the Princess?
Where would I be embarrassed?
Sure enough
Her Majesty the Princess will still be for the sake of family
Cut off love
No, I wouldn't.
Her Majesty the princess means that she will do it for me
Is it right with my father?